Update readme for dotnet (#188)
equinor/flotilla: backend/README.md

# Flotilla backend

The backend of flotilla is created using ASP.NET.  
Useful documentation of concepts and features in the .NET frameworks can be found 
[here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/fundamentals/).

## Setup
To set up the backend on Windows/Mac, install visual studio and include the "ASP.NET and web development" workload during install.  
If you already have visual studio installed, you can open the "Visual Studio Installer" and modify your install to add the workload.

To set up the backend on linux..  

> CHRISTIAN PLEASE HELP ME  

Reviewer: To set up the backend, install .NET for linux [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/dotnet/core/install/linux).

You will need the client secret of our Azure App Registration to be able to run the project locally.  
This should be added in the
[ASP.NET Secret Manager](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/aspnet/core/security/app-secrets?view=aspnetcore-6.0&tabs=linux#secret-manager)
in the following format:
```
  "AzureAd": {
    "ClientSecret": "ThisIsASecret"
  }
```

## Run

> To build and run the app, run the following command in the backend/api folder:

Reviewer: We could consider writing:
```suggestion
To build and run the app, run the following command 'dotnet run --project api':
```
To have all the commands from the same folder. Thoughts?

Author: Sure!

dotnet format --severity info
```
  
## Configuration  

The project has two [appsettings](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/iis-administration/configuration/appsettings.json)
files.  
The base `appsettings.json` file is for common variables across all environments, while the
`appsetings.Development.json` file is for variables specific to the Dev environments, such as the client ID's for the
various app registrations used in development.

> In the future, most of the config should probably be pulled from various Azure Key Vaults, one for each environment.

Reviewer: Unnecessary sentence? Rather make an issue than adding TODOs in README

Author: Agreed
